# bj2z
WRO2021-Future Engineers 
According to the rules of the competition, we designed a vehicle with a front wheel that could be turned, and a single motor was used to drive the rear wheel.  Also used cameras, ultrasonic sensors, steering gear, controllers, batteries, motor conversion module, differential, motor wiring, blocks and so on.  
As for Driving without diction (Qualification), the programming idea is that when the vehicle comes to the corner, the camera sees that the inner wall is suddenly gone, indicating that the vehicle is at the corner. At this time, the program of turning is executed.  If the vehicle gets too close to the inner wall, swing the front wheels away from it, which is detected by ultrasonic sensors.  For each turn, record and increase the value of the variable until the value reaches 12, indicating that three turns have been walked. Then wait for the bus to stop and end the task.  This is done clockwise and counterclockwise.  Special attention should be paid to the orientation of the camera towards the inner wall and the direction of the ultrasonic sensor towards the inner wall.  
As for Driving avoiding obstacles (final)，when the vehicle sees the first traffic sign in front of it, the programming idea is to judge its color through the camera to decide whether to pass through it on the left or right side, and then run the turning program to pass through the first corner.  After completing the turn, let the camera judge the color of the traffic sign in front, run the corresponding program, avoid it, and then enter the program of the second turn.  After completing the second turn, let the camera judge the color of the traffic sign ahead, run the corresponding program, avoid it, and then enter the program of the third turn.  After completing the third turn, continue to let the camera judge the color of the traffic sign in front, run the corresponding program, avoid it, and then enter the program of the fourth turn.  When you complete the fourth turn, you have completed one lap.  Then repeat the procedure 2 more times to complete the 3 laps and complete the task.  
